[Music]
yes
very good my dear hearts and
lovers of the heart well like these
families how is Wednesday today
Wednesday of covers and eyes because the
exclusive that I bring you in this video is not
short
first of all please as always
click the subscribe button it is
absolutely free I think that today or
tomorrow we will reach 61 thousand which is not
bad at all and if you like the video give it a
like and above all comment comment
your opinion because other than commenting
that Marta Risk yes Marta Risk has
caught the share Antonio Davis in his
stories and it is great and it seemed
incredible to me you know that since
the first of her series was made these
words Rocío Carrasco has tried to
penetrate the audience but despite
even the breakup between Olga and
Antonio David has not
yet managed to get the Sevillian to say a few
bad words to the Malaga native and what a
coincidence that she only sees
shadows and glooms the members of the
television factory
and collaborators who want to keep their
jobs and Rocío herself and
Fidel people who  has been
obsessed with Antonio Abilita all her life
well it seems that we are going to break
the story of this first season of
the series the second is already falling
by itself remind you that today on my
main channel I upload the first episode
of the doc a series of Belén Esteban and
Jesulín de Ubrique it is going to be very good
the main channel is Javi Oliveira
we are waiting for this afternoon we
upload the first part tomorrow
episode 2 and well it turns out that Marta
Risko when getting in the car in the morning
finds a love note from
Antonio David himself I promise you that I have
done everything impossible to strain my
eyesight and find out what it says
in the note but I can't do it his
handwriting is really ugly Antonio David and this is what
Marta says her interest will be
getting in the car and find this
beautiful note I have missed you already
Antonio David he
is a being yes but the most wonderful
and sweet being in the world let all of
Spain find out I
love you well that you are to me
both of them are not here there were many people  that I didn't
believe in this relationship or this
couple and so far hey listen to me let's face
it, they haven't done any
exclusives well they've done a few
but they're not abusing much either don't you
notice
well they're together let's leave it there okay they
're together and that's what counts so
well there you have them both super
in love there were a lot of people who didn't give
a dime for this relationship but this
relationship is lasting it's lasting and
also last week we were
seeing that I couldn't comment on it because
we were doing it with other topics
like they were going out to party and how Rocío
Flores was already going out with them there were people
who saw Rocío Flores's uncomfortable face
I really don't I think that the
uncomfortable face was because they
were recording them and it's like sorry
leave me alone and sooner or later well
nothing is her father you know that he has him
on an altar and she was going to accept this
relationship family what do you think
your opinion is the most important
to me I love you very much and I'll see you
later a big hug
[Music]